[Mobile] - Block selection - Expand tapping on nested blocks directly (#5781)
wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

Unreleased
---

> * [**] Tapping on all nested blocks gets focus directly instead of having to tap multiple times depeding on the nesting levels. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/5781]

Reviewer: There is a typo in the current release note. 
```suggestion
* [**] Tapping on all nested blocks gets focus directly instead of having to tap multiple times depending on the nesting levels. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/5781]
```

> * [**] Tapping on all nested blocks gets focus directly instead of having to tap multiple times depeding on the nesting levels. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/5781]

Reviewer: An alternative to consider. 
```suggestion
* [**] Tapping any type of nested block moves focus to the nested block directly, rather than requiring multiple taps to navigate down each nesting levels. [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/5781]
```

1.95.0
---
* [**] Add fullscreen embed preview to Android [https://github.com/wordpress-mobile/gutenberg-mobile/pull/5743]
* [*] Fix crash when trying to convert to regular blocks an undefined/deleted reusable block [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/50475]

> * [**] Tapping on nested text blocks gets focus directly instead of having to tap multiple times depeding on the nesting levels. [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/50108]

Reviewer: There is a typo in the current release note.
```suggestion
* [**] Tapping on nested text blocks gets focus directly instead of having to tap multiple times depending on the nesting levels. [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/50108]
```

Reviewer: An alternative to consider.
```suggestion
* [**] Tapping a nested text block moves focus to the nested block directly, rather than requiring multiple taps to navigate down each nesting levels. [https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/50108]
```
